Update SITL docs with guided takeoff and frame option (#1873)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/using-sitl-for-ardupilot-testing.rst

   describe a GCS-specific UI layout). Many of these operations can also
   be performed in *Mission Planner* (through the *Full Parameters List*) or any other GCS.

Selecting a vehicle/frame type
==============================

The simulation will default to the vehicle type in the directory in which it is started. You can select the vehicle type if starting from the ardupilot directory by starting the simulator calling **sim_vehicle.py** with the ``-v`` parameter.

::

     sim_vehicle.py -v ArduPlane --console --map

> The frame type can also be specified, instead of the default frame type, with the ``-f`` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The frame type can also be changed with the ``-f`` parameter.
```
